Update training.rst (#3330)
mattermost/docs: source/process/training.rst

- **Ice-breaker** - see Meeting Elements > Ice-breaker below for examples

> - **Roadmap check-in** - Review of roadmap status in current and next release

Reviewer: Is this now a release update?

> - **Team updates** - Each development team gives a short update on their current top priorities

Reviewer: Maybe mention that this is a read-in, not actually reviewed during the meeting

> - **Team updates** - Each development team gives a short update on their current top priorities

Reviewer: add announcements?

- **Demos** - Team members show highlights of what's been completed this week. Relevant follow-ups noted

> - **Blind spots, Inspiration, Knowledge Share** - Colleagues share areas of concern and ask questions. Items for discussion can be queued here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Blind spots, Inspiration, Knowledge Share** - Colleagues share areas of concern and ask questions. Proposals can be queued here.
```

Given the size of the meeting, discussions may not be the best use of time because it may take a while. I'd recommend having discussions outside of the meeting, and bringing proposals to the meeting
